Fixed some fields not being correctly updated. (#1)
eldruin/mma8x5x-rs: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

>  - Fixed bit changes not being written to the Mma8x5x struct in the functions 'set_data_rate', 'set_wake_power_mode', 'set_sleep_power_mode' and 'set_auto_sleep_data_rate'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed bit changes not being written to the driver struct in the functions `set_data_rate`, `set_wake_power_mode`, `set_sleep_power_mode` and `set_auto_sleep_data_rate`.
```
